To Do, not necessarily in this order...

Get focus, or issue notification, on transition.
Why is sound so quiet!!
X New index file with menu of walks - different versions of old index file (renamed) for each walk.
Start to build up a library of real walks.
?When user gets back focus, let him/her know of any missed transitions?
More than one prayer for each spot, randomly chosen, maybe weighted according to history.
   (requires history be stored somehow).
x Include walk instructions, based on geolocation data.
If user chooses *and* mobile data connection is present, include multimedia, e.g....
   sounds like geese
   sounds like prayers being spoken
   images like same place at a different time of year (get t-o-y from date).
Appearance
   Check with different devices
Overall stuff
X   Icon
X   Title
   ?Window title?
4/10/14
More Janet's prayers
Palatine - local business - cheer up. In general, cheer up.
X Get into menu...
X ...glimpse of route from here
X ...undo accidental press of back button.
X Names under all prayers.
x Initially hidden nested div style modal dialogue when menu button is pressed, content depending on
  page user is on when they press the button.
?HG some biog info for CWGC graves?
16/10/14
Why is sound so quiet?
Altitude spheroid -> geoid correction. Each time prog starts with internet, get altitude from lat/long
 off google api (is this possible?) and save local height correction. Hope the user doesn't cross
 continents without contacting internet. Need to sense internet status, and learn about persistent 
 storage. So might as well then introduce settings menu with tweaks and preferences. Meanwhile, say
 accurate in UK only and knock 50m off calculated altitudes.
More prayers!
Try some walks local to potential testers. Like canal walk in Sale, and walk around Silcoates grounds
for instance.
Tidy up walk alone mode - start straight into whole page stats display, and remove prayer points and
 irrelevant menu items (or give  the <li> id= and display them none).
Review appearance, shorten message a little maybe.
Get into stylesheets that fork according to screen size (@mode) - whole sheet or just define size at
 start and have everything else as % (? or em?)?
?More definite way to exit walk than back button?
Remove redundant files.
X Cut out altitude accuracy, which doesn't work - seems to be similar to lat/lon accuracy.
Get rid of redundant code.
